what's going on YouTube today we're
taking a look at meme generator meme
generator is basically just what the
name says it generates memes for you and
it comes pre-loaded with tons of memes
and if I scroll through them all it's
probably taking a really long time
luckily there's a button here that takes
over at the bottom and you can see their
categories alphabetically let's go back
to the top and one of the nice things
about mean generator is that if you see
a mean that you're not familiar with you
can click on it and then you see it has
the edit options here but down here this
is an example button so for example that
says you know tells you what a typical
what a typical mean would say with that
picture and then you can edit what it
says
so this is a question mark there and
then if I do make it see it changes the
back and then you could either save it
or share it if I hit the share Save
button we're given save share and cancel
and then of course if you hit share it
gives you the prompt for the usual
Android share menu and then from there
you can select where you want to send
this to so pretty quick pretty easy I've
used a few different name generators and
this is probably the easiest one and it
comes back with the most memes that I've
seen so it's pretty cool there is a free
version that is yet supported and then
there is a premium version that is not
free but does not have ads so if you
don't mind the ads you can give this a
shot for free
as usual I'll put links to both versions
in the description down below and if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up you gotta see more videos like this
in the future make sure to hit the
subscribe button you have any questions
comments or suggestions for me you can
find me on Facebook Twitter and Google+
or you can send me a message here on
YouTube
until next time enjoy using meme
generator and if you come up with
especially funny one or good one feel
free to share it with me on Twitter or
Google+ or Facebook and that'll be
interesting to see which I'll come up
with something next time take care